#	My Respository for "CSCE 689: Fundamentals of Software Analysis" (Fall 2016)

This document provides an overview of my source code and software
	documentation for Programming Assignment #1 of the course
	CSCE 689, Section 601, "Special Topic: Fundamentals of Software
	Analysis," which was offered in Fall 2016.

##	Solution for Part 0

See [part 0](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/caprese-sw-analy/tree/master/zero-assign/part-0) for the solution attempt and related software documentation.

The tasks involved:
+ "Installing" *ANTLR*.
	- Downloading the parser generator *ANTLR*.
	- Exporting the CLASSPATH for the *ANTLR* dynamic library.
	- Creating [*UNIX*] aliases for running *Java* programs/software,
		which are dynamically linked with the *ANTLR* dynamic library
		(*jar* file).
+ Try using *ANTLR* with a simple example.
	- Copy the contents of a simple grammar in Backus–Naur Form (BNF)
		to a [regular/text] file, which is subsequently referred to
		as the "grammar file".
	- "Run" *ANTLR* with the "grammar file" as an input, so that a
		parser can be generated by *ANTLR*.
	- Compile the *Java*-based parser for the simple grammar, defined
		in BNF by the "grammar file".
	- Test the *Java*-based parser on some simple input.
		* View the parser output in "*LISP* notation", as a list of
			"cons"es, where each cons contains a car and cdr.
			(Wikipedia contributors, 2016, \S4.6)
			
References:
+	Wikipedia contributors, "Lisp (programming language)," in Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia: Functional languages, Wikimedia Foundation, San Francisco, CA, September 11, 2016.
		Available online at: [Lisp (programming language)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_(programming_language)#Conses_and_lists); last accessed on September 13, 2016.
+	Wikipedia contributors, "cons," in Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia: Functional languages, Wikimedia Foundation, San Francisco, CA, August 5, 2016.
		Available online at: [cons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cons); last accessed on September 13, 2016.



##	Solution for Part 1

See [part 1](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/caprese-sw-analy/tree/master/zero-assign/part-1) for the solution attempt and related software documentation.

##	Solution for Part 2

See [part 2](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/caprese-sw-analy/tree/master/zero-assign/part-2) for the solution attempt and related software documentation.

##	Solution for Part 3

See [part 3](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/caprese-sw-analy/tree/master/zero-assign/part-3) for the solution attempt and related software documentation.








#	Author Information


The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.



#	Miscellaneous Information

When information needs to be represented mathematically or
	symbolically with clarity, *LaTeX* notation is used to
	represent the information.

This information is not typeset in *LaTeX*, since it is typeset
	in *Markdown*.








